Add langauge support (#3)
AlamoEngine-Tools/eaw.modinfo: README.md

---

## The `"language"` Type

#### The `"language.code"` Property

**Level:** **REQUIRED**

**Data Type**: `string`

**Data Semantics**: Language Code

**Description:**

> This property holds an [ISO 639-1](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_ISO_639-1_codes) two letter language code.

Reviewer: That's something I do like, because that could tie in with the available language codes in the `PG.StarWarsGame.Localisation` library, making it easier to match the `*.dat` file with the language and keeping it in sync with the mod metadata.

I'm currently using the C# Culture codes there though, so I'll have to look into how finicky that would be to match.

#### The `"language.support"` Property

**Level:** *OPTIONAL*

**Data Type**: Enum

**Data Semantics**: Level of language support

**Description:**

The language support enumeration acts as a bit flag and is defined as follows:

| Value | Meaning |
|:--:|:--|
|`0`| ***Default:*** Same as `7`. | 
|`1`| **Text:** A `mastertextfile_xxx.dat` is available in this language.|
|`2`|**Speech**: Speech event files are in their own language folder. (Important for Movies, Missions and Holograms)|
|`4`|**SFX** Sound effects, such as unit actions, are localized. |
|`7`|**Fully localized:** Combines `1`, `2`, `4`|

When the property was omitted for a `language` object, value `0` (fully localized) is applied.

> *Rationale: Though we are considering this enumeration as bit filed, value 0 was choosen to represent a fully translated mod, too because in most programming languages value `0` is default for enums. Thus the spec allows to omitt the property for fully localized langues like English.*  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Rationale: Though we are considering this enumeration as bit field, value 0 was choosen to represent a fully translated mod, because in most programming languages the value `0` is default for enums. Thus the spec allows to omitt the property for fully localized langues like English.*  
```
